Update SSO guides to take into account new commands: `tctl sso test`, `tctl sso configure`. (#12941)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/setup/admin/github-sso.mdx

[Creating an OAuth App](https://docs.github.com/en/developers/apps/building-oauth-apps/creating-an-oauth-app)

> ## Step 2/5. Define the GitHub authentication connector

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 2/5. Define a GitHub authentication connector
```
The first paragraph of the section uses "a", and we haven't specified a GitHub connector yet.

> Define a GitHub authentication connector by creating a file called `github.yaml`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Define a GitHub authentication connector by running the following command:
```
I think we can remove the instruction to manually create the `github.yaml` file and condense the first two paragraphs of this section.

> You can do it with the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

        - access
```

> The values of `client_id`, `client_secret` come from the GitHub OAuth App you created earlier. `redirect_url` is automatically configured by [`tctl sso configure github`](../reference/cli.mdx#tctl-sso-configure-github) based on the settings of Teleport cluster. 

Author: Thank you for the improved phrasing.

I'm not sure if including the link constitutes the breaking of reader focus: we are not forcing them to follow the link, but rather making an option to do so if they are interested. This is similar to inline-link style in [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Teleport_(open-source_software)#Architecture), for example:

> == Architecture ==
> 
> Teleport is written in [Go](Go (programming language)) programming language, and runs on [UNIX](Unix)-compatible operating systems, including Linux, [macOS](macOS), and several [BSD/OS](BSD) variants. Teleport consists of two [executable](executable)s: <code>tsh</code> (command line client) and <code>teleport</code> (server daemon).

Let me know what you think, though.

<Admonition
  type="tip"
  title="Teams to logins mapping"
>

>   The flag `--teams-to-logins` (`-r` for short) can be repeated multiple times with each repetition creating additional mapping entry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `--teams-to-logins` flag (`-r` for short) can be repeated multiple times. Each repetition will create an additional entry in the `teams_to_logins` mapping of your GitHub authentication connector.
```
